How should I handle an international divorce?Does Brexit change which court or country has Jurisdiction over my divorce? What does “domicile” mean? Can I issue a divorce petition in England or Wales? What happens to our tenancy agreement: Am I still liable for rent? Can I give notice? Who can live in the property and for how long? How can I regulate who can live in the family home? Lean more about Occupation Orders.Who should be the respondent to my application for an occupation order?How can I apply for an occupation order?How will the court decide whether to grant my application for an occupation order?In case of emergency, can I make an urgent application for an occupation order?What does it mean to be “co-owners” of the property?What will happen to my property if I die? How can I change my tenancy from Joint Tenants to Tenants in Common with the Land Registry?Who bears the responsibility for the mortgage while our financial affairs are being settled?How can we sell the property?How should the sale proceeds be divided?What is the procedure if my ex-partner and I cannot agree to sell the property?What is the process if one partner wishes to keep the property?How can we decide how much money should be paid in consideration if the property is transferred from joint names to one person's name?Will the stamp duty be payable if I buy my partner’s share?How will the court decide what to do if my ex-partner and I disagree on whether to sell the property?What is the court procedure if my ex-partner and I disagree on whether to sell the property?Why is it important that I make a Will or change my existing Will?Can I keep the engagement ring (or any other asset given on engagement)? Or can I ask for the engagement ring back?How can I make an application for the return of the ring (or other asset) given on engagement?What happens to our assets?Can I claim financial support from my ex?Can my ex claim financial support from me?We have a child/children together, what is parental responsibility and do I have it?We have a child/children together, what are my financial rights and responsibilities?How can I confirm we have a valid marriage or civil partnership?What can I do if my marriage is not valid?When will a marriage be a void marriage?When will a marriage be a voidable marriage?How can I file a nullity petition if I am in a void or voidable marriage?I don’t want a divorce but want to live separately. What are my options?What financial orders can I ask the court to issue upon ruling on judicial separation?Can I begin the divorce process within the first year of marriage? Should I move out of the family home?How do I get divorced? Can we just agree to get divorced?What do I need to prove to get divorced? How can I start divorce proceedings and what are the first stages of the divorce procedure? What is a Decree Nisi? When can a court start the process to resolve your financial affairs?When is the marriage officially dissolved?What can I do if I receive a Divorce Petition issued by my spouse?What can I do if there are court proceedings in any countries outside England and Wales relating to my marriage that could affect its validity? What can I do if I disagree with the jurisdiction set out in a Divorce Petition issued by my spouse? What if I disagree with the “ground” for divorce stated in the Petition, e.g. I do not think that I have behaved unreasonably, I have not committed adultery or we have not been apart as long as the petition states?I will not defend the case but I object to paying the cost of the proceedings, what can I do? 